Improvement of the dotnet-contributing files (#1330)
dapr/dotnet-sdk: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Code of Conduct

This project has adopted the [Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct](https://github.com/dapr/community/blob/master/CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md)

> ## Github Dapr Bot Commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GitHub Dapr Bot Commands
```

> Checkout the [daprbot documentation](https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/daprbot/) for Github commands you can run in this repo for common tasks. For example, you can run the `/assign` (as a comment on an issue) to assign the issue to yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Checkout the [daprbot documentation](https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/daprbot/) for Github commands you can run in this repo for common tasks. For example, you can comment `/assign` on an issue to assign it to yourself.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkout the [daprbot documentation](https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/daprbot/) for GitHub commands you can run in this repo for common tasks. For example, you can run the `/assign` (as a comment on an issue) to assign the issue to yourself.
```
